Is Nu Jia beautiful?
Even mediocre bandits dare to show off their charm
What a confused boy
The old lady will let you open your eyes
It was a mistake for the Four Seasons Building to send you here
I break bones and I break bones
You are gone today
Filial son, you are arrogant
No, I'm not playing.
Four Seasons Building Killer Part Gold, Silver and Copper Top Four Investments
And the Four Seasons Building only took your third attack.
It seems that the Four Seasons Building
To my head
Not much interest
Please let me go
Don't kill me!
I told you so
If I break down, I will be invincible
Why? You don't believe me! Please don't kill me!
I am useful to you
Mediocrity
Poverty is precious
Four Seasons
Li Jia spent a lot of money to kill me this time
Otherwise, I have to rush to River City as soon as possible